[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JIMMY CHURCH:
Welcome, everybody.
I'm Jimmy Church.
You might know me from Into
The Vortex right here on Gaia,
and I'm honored to be sitting in
for George Noory on this episode
of Beyond Belief.
Joining me is Neil Gaur, the
founder of Portal to Ascension,
a platform dedicated
to uncovering
humanity's true origins,
exploring ET contact,
and shining light on the hidden
knowledge of our ancient past.
Neil, welcome to the show.
>>NEIL GAUR: Good to be
here with you, Jimmy.
Thank you.
>>CHURCH: I want to jump
back into your ancient past,
if we can.
Let's talk about
London and starseeds.
What is a starseed,
and why London?
>>GAUR: Well, so first I'll
start with the starseed.
A starseed is someone that has
come in with a divine mission
or, in some level, maybe even
have dormant memories of being
connected to the
stars and are here
for the awakening of humanity.
Basically, they're
incarnated to help
with the shift in consciousness.
And there's many starseeds
that have incarnated over time.
Some of them aren't
even aware of it.
They're just living their
lives, doing whatever
they do in this world, maybe
waiting for a moment for them
to wake up to those memories,
and other ones are actively
doing this work, and I
would say Gaia TV has
a lot of those people
come on their shows.
>>CHURCH: I think
starseed is a loose term.
Most people don't
understand actually
what it is when
they are using it.
And I think it's really good to
have a clear definition of it.
Now for you at such
a young age, did you
understand what a starseed
was, and did you hang out
with other starseeds?
>>GAUR: No, I definitely
didn't know what it was,
but at a young age, I
always had the feeling
that something was
off on the planet,
that there was something
not quite connecting.
I felt that we could
live in a different way.
And many starseeds have
also had those feelings,
that this isn't really
the way things should be,
or it could be better.
And I feel that deep,
underlying craving for creating
a harmonious world, maybe
is that initial spark that
eventually leads them to
doing this work later in life.
>>CHURCH: Did you have friends
that you talked to about this?
>>GAUR: No, no, not at all.
Not until I was
in high school did
I start even start thinking
about the universe, quantum
physics, having those
kind of thoughts.
As a kid, it was
more about just--
I just felt foreign
to this world.
I didn't feel like I belonged.
>>CHURCH: What about contact
experiences at an early age?
>>GAUR: In retrospect, as
a kid, I didn't remember.
But later in life,
as an adult, I
started having memories
and dreams of what
was happening to me as a child.
And now I'm under
the awareness that I
have had contact experiences
and been interacting
with different
beings, but there's
only specific memories
that have come back
to me in the last few years.
>>CHURCH: Isn't it interesting
how so many of us as adults
can look back and realize
that we had experiences,
but they weren't special to us?
And they get put in
a box, put on a shelf
and forgotten about because
life gets in the way, right?
And as an adult, you can look
back and go, wait a minute,
something was
special about that.
Let's go back and visit it.
Is that what you did?
>>GAUR: Yeah, I did visit that
on some level with hypnosis
and I started
regaining memories.
But I realized now that I was
guided by specific beings,
and the first beings
that came to me
were the Arcturians,
in order to move me
towards doing the work I do now.
But what's interesting
is I realized
that my traumas as
a child were really
the catalyst for waking me
up to my gifts later in life.
>>CHURCH: Did you
have missing time?
Are there sections
of your childhood
that you can't recall
even to this day?
>>GAUR: Actually, I do
not have too many memories
from my childhood.
>>CHURCH: Right.
>>GAUR: So I would say almost my
whole childhood is missing time.
>>CHURCH: I've had
the same experience.
So let's explore that
for a second, if we can.
This is very important.
I had a period of about a year--
I was nine--
I do not remember
sleeping in my own bed.
I don't remember
getting dressed.
I don't remember any of that.
Similar experiences for you.
>>GAUR: Yeah, as a child, I
would say that before age 18,
I don't have too many
distinct memories of my life.
Later in life, I started hearing
about walk-ins and soul exchange
walk-ins, and that could
be what happened to me.
But for some reason, there's a
lot of memories from childhood
that's been completely
blocked to me.
And when I do
meditations and when
I go to silent
meditation retreats,
that's when I start
regaining memories.
And I just realized
that I really
was wondering about what's
out there in the universe.
What is-- even at
an early age, I
was thinking about death
and extraterrestrials
and different planets.
So those thoughts
were coming to me.
And so I was being
guided, but there
weren't any distinct
interactions that I remember.
>>CHURCH: Did you feel
different and did people
look at you as being different?
>>GAUR: My family definitely
thought I was different.
And it took them a while
for them to accept me.
And when I was starting
to do this work full-time,
I was kind of--
my parents didn't
want to tell anybody
else what I was doing.
Not until I actually
made a career out of it
and started traveling
the world and creating
these events did they
really shift on it.
So it was not until my 30s that
my family really accepted me.
>>CHURCH: Did you find that--
I'm analyzing you at
the moment, but did you
find that once you started
to go out and mingle
and meet other people
in this community,
that your story wasn't that
special, that others were going
through the exact same thing?
>>GAUR: 100%.
Well, it didn't really
happen until I was 18.
So as a child, there was no one
to connect with on this level.
I came to the US when I was
12 years old from London,
and then I started writing
poetry around age 16.
And the poetry I was writing,
spoken word, and became hip hop
later, I was talking
about the universe,
extraterrestrial
terrestrial beings.
I was speaking about, in my
poetry, a planet that was--
where the asteroid belt is.
I hadn't done any research.
I didn't know anybody
in this world.
And when I turned
18, that's when
I started looking online to
find more words for my poetry.
And as I was searching
for the words,
I stumbled on different
speakers, like Jordan Maxwell,
and I realized that a
lot of what I was writing
were actual stories that
are from ancient texts,
including the
Sumerian scriptures.
>>CHURCH: I was hosting
an event and you got up.
I didn't know it was you.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: And you did
some spoken word poetry.
And I was in the back
and I got sucked in.
It was amazing.
And somebody tapped me on my
shoulder and said, that's Neil.
And I took a second look, and
I remember going up on stage,
let me just say this, you
transformed into somebody else.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: You have
an extreme talent,
but an amazing intelligence
that goes behind this, almost as
if it was channeled.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: Am I off
in suggesting that?
>>GAUR: No.
>>CHURCH: I did not recognize
the person that I've
known for so many years.
>>GAUR: Most of my
poetry comes to me
within a few seconds
in the entire songs,
and I remember it
almost immediately.
And the reason why I started
doing poetry and then
touring around the
world doing spoken word
was because I could
convey information
I was learning, whether it was
an extraterrestrials, whether it
was on Lyra and the
seeding of humanity,
or on the way quantum physics
works, and even the double slit
experiment, I would embed
all that in my poetry,
and it just became a way
for me to express really
huge concepts in a way that was
really beautiful and artistic.
>>CHURCH: So multidimensional
and inter-dimensional
and communication, and
entanglement, and physics,
and science, and all
of these amazing things
that we talk about, you
are actually living it.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
Well, I feel the best way to
convey this information is
through art.
And actually, I would say that
the ancients knew that as well.
>>CHURCH: It was a very
interesting thing for me
to see with you, because
I know you so well.
And then suddenly, I'm
introduced to somebody
that I didn't know
and hadn't met before.
It was-- it was amazing.
Now let's go back.
In 2000, you did a transition
that I think a lot of us
go through, and that is
the Epic of Gilgamesh.
>>GAUR: Yes.
>>CHURCH: And when you read
that for the first time,
it's a paradigm shift for us.
Was it for you too?
>>GAUR: 100%.
Because I actually-- the
reason why I started all this
and on the search was I saw
a connection between Yeshua,
Christ, and Krishna.
That's how it started.
And I was told, because I went
to Catholic school for one
year in England and deep
dive into the Bible,
I was told that Krishna,
polytheism and monotheism,
both evolved separately
from each other.
There was no connection.
But I was seeing similar stories
in polytheistic religions
and monotheism.
So I said to myself, well,
if there's these connections
that we're being told
that they aren't, what
is the root of all religion?
So as I started looking for
the root of all religion,
I would be at the
local café when
I was 18 years old
with the Bhagavad
Gita, the Quran, different
types of texts highlighting
similarities.
And then as I started going
further and further back,
I found the Sumerian
tablets of creation.
And now we have
texts that actually
is source text for many
religions in the world,
and the Epic of Gilgamesh
was the next thing I found.
And the reason why
it was mind-blowing
is who does Gilgamesh meet
as he's traveling the world?
A guy called Napishtim, a.k.a.
Noah.
So it's the Noah story,
but the original one,
but the original
Noah story, Noah
was supposed to be the
only family left on Earth.
There's another hominid,
another human type
of being hybrid that
interacted with him.
So that was one component.
And the other one
was the flood story.
That really opened me up
to realizing that there's
a flood story around
the entire world,
not just the Gilgamesh
story, and maybe it's
a collective memory of a
trauma that happened on Earth,
rather than just a
myth or just a story.
>>CHURCH: Do you think that
because so many cultures have
similar elements in their origin
stories and creation myths,
that they shared
these stories, or were
these independent events that
were separated by cultures?
>>GAUR: I think
it's a bit of both
actually, because the
civilizations and religions
and cultures that coalesced
thousands of years
after the flood and they
have passed down information
from other tribes.
But if you go around
the entire planet from--
literally go over
the planet, you
have hundreds and
hundreds of flood stories.
And I don't feel
like every single one
of those civilizations
interacted with each other.
And I was just
researching the other day,
even the Zoroastrians, they
say that every 12,000 years
there's a renewal and a reset.
And the last one was 12,000
years ago, a great flood.
So you just hear this
story over and over.
>>CHURCH: We have something
like Gobekli Tepe, which is not
connected to any of this.
We've got the Bible.
You've got what happened with
the melting of the glaciers
and the events that happened in
North America, where allegedly
there were no cultures
here to note that.
But the flood did happen.
And we start looking at
this 10500 BC number that
correlates with
everything else, including
the dating of the Great Sphinx.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: This pops up over and
over again and dates correctly,
not only with Gilgamesh, but
with Plato's Atlantis, right?
>>GAUR: Yeah, exactly.
And then you have even
scientific evidence from Robert
Schoch, for example, that shows
that the erosion of the Sphinx
goes back to the same amount
of years as all these other
cultures saying
12,000 years ago.
But it's not even--
it's not even a
conspiracy at this point.
It's conventionally accepted
that there was a cataclysm that
happened 12,000 to
13,000 years ago.
Through archeological digs,
they can even see that
there's a specific
type of sediment,
that there was some type of
catastrophe that lasted for over
1,000 years.
So now that we've proven
it scientifically,
and if we look back
at the ancient texts
and we're seeing
the same dating,
there is enough
information there for us
to research this even
further and maybe think
that they were talking about
a collective memory rather
than just a fantastical story.
>>CHURCH: You live
in Peru right now.
You have the same
physical evidence,
trace evidence all
over that country
going to the same dating--
>>GAUR: Exactly.
>>CHURCH: --of burnt glass
creation all over the country.
And that is dated to
that same time period.
I want to go back, if
I can, to 2003, staying
on this possible Anunnaki,
Gilgamesh, Maldek-Mars
war connection that a lot
of us are starting to take
a little more serious today.
But this came to you
in dreams, didn't it?
>>GAUR: Yeah, exactly.
I was having-- I had a few
different repeated dreams that
just kept coming back
to me, but one of them
was of my time on Maldek.
And this dream was even before
I started researching that there
was an asteroid belt.
I knew from high school
that there was one, but I never
even put the dots together
that there was a planet there.
And I would have a dream that
I would be in a stasis chamber.
Every time I would go
to sleep in this life,
I would wake up in a stasis
chamber that would then
lift from my face,
smoke would come out,
I would see wires
coming out of my hands,
and then I would
go grab a weapon--
>>CHURCH: What is
the stasis chamber?
>>GAUR: A stasis
chamber basically
is like a cryotherapy
chamber, where
you may be frozen or have a
type of gas that slows down
all your vital
organs to the point
that you're able to not age
and go into a deep sleep
as you're going and traversing
far distances in space.
>>CHURCH: Gotcha.
OK, so you awoke
from this chamber.
>>GAUR: So I woke
I go and there's--
I see chambers as far as the
eyes can see on this ship.
We're all going and we're
picking up these weapons,
and we get teleported
down to the planet.
And I'm engaging in a war.
And this happened
repeatedly over and over.
And at some points--
>>CHURCH: Who were you fighting?
>>GAUR: There was--
we both looked human.
It was a different civilization.
I'm not sure who they were, but
they looked pretty much similar
to me.
But what came to me
later, through meditation
and different downloads,
was that I was actually
incarnated on both sides,
because the way our soul
works is we can incarnate
into multiple bodies,
sometimes within
the same reality.
So in some of my dreams,
I would actually shift
from being this warrior
to being the person
that I was actually
fighting against.
>>CHURCH: Wait, your soul split.
>>GAUR: So the soul can
actually incarnate, not only
into different parallel
realities at the same time,
but you could have a
soul split on Earth
right now where
somebody on Earth
has a fragment of your soul
incarnated on this planet
that you can actually
go and interact with.
>>CHURCH: Is this a past life?
Do you consider this part of
you and part of your reality,
or was this something
that is a dream
and is something
else altogether?
How do you look at this?
>>GAUR: I look at it as
a past life, for sure.
And at the time
when it happened,
I really didn't know
what to make out of it,
but that was over
15 years ago now.
And since then, I've
had many regressions
and a lot of other dots
have been connected
on what has happened
throughout the Galaxy
and what my role was
on different planets.
So I feel like it
was a past life.
>>CHURCH: How long ago was this?
>>GAUR: This one, I don't know.
It didn't get dates for it.
>>CHURCH: You didn't
get dates for it,
but there was technology there.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: Was there anything
referencing another time period?
Were there pyramids?
Were there roads?
Was there something else?
>>GAUR: This was towards
the end of the war
when I was going there, the
dreams and the memories I
was having, and the whole
planet was desolated
from nuclear
explosions and bombs
and warring for quite some time.
>>CHURCH: And this was Mars.
>>GAUR: This was Maldek.
>>CHURCH: So Maldek.
>>GAUR: This is the asteroid
belt, the current asteroid belt.
>>CHURCH: So this is Maldek.
After that, where to though?
What, did the technology and
the civilization go to Mars?
Did it go to Earth, to the moon?
>>GAUR: Yeah.
So in the memories
that I had, I only
was seeing myself in the
war, fighting the war,
and it was the same
time as that war.
Something happened
in particular there.
I even know what I was wearing.
There was actually
a pill that they
would give every
single one of us that
was kind of a mind
control MKUltra pill
as well that we're taking so
I have all those memories.
What happened after
the war, I don't know.
But from my memories
and my information
afterwards, my
research afterwards,
is that there was actually a
tribe of people from Maldek
that then migrated to Earth.
>>CHURCH: If this was Maldek
and this is asteroid belt,
we could be dealing with
hundreds of millions of years,
right?
>>GAUR: Exactly.
>>CHURCH: Now, what about
other downloads from people
that you have talked to?
Has there been a connecting of
the dots with your experience?
You keep your
experience to yourself,
but when you're talking
to somebody else and then
you hear something that
is similar to yours,
to help confirm and
validate your experience.
>>GAUR: Yes, I've had a lot
of those type of experiences.
And what I've come
to realize now
is that there is a
lot that has happened
in the Galaxy, many different
stories that are overlapping
and some that seem seemingly
independent from each other.
Plus the way that time works
on Earth, some of us that
are incarnated on
Earth, we actually
have different timelines
and different histories
than other people.
So in my timeline, I might
have had a Maldek story,
but in your timeline, that
may never have even happened.
>>CHURCH: When you
have a regression,
what's the goal with that, to
go back to that period or find
out--
or is it trauma that
you're trying to fix,
or is it a past
life here on Earth?
What's the intention
of the regression?
>>GAUR: Yeah.
So the intention
of the regression,
there is a component to it to
heal from different traumas.
And then when you start looking
at the traumas here on Earth,
it does sometimes go off
planet to before you incarnate
and what occurred.
So the first time I
did it, I had no--
I just wanted to experience it.
There was nothing that I
really was trying to go to.
And then in that
regression, I randomly
showed up on Orion,
in Orion's belt,
in the central star Alnilam.
And then my second regression,
I go into the Inner Earth.
I'm not even
attempting to go there.
So my third regression, that's
when I became more intentional.
And the third
regression, we spent
five hours exploring Orion.
>>CHURCH: What was
your intention that
was set for that regression?
>>GAUR: For the last one?
>>CHURCH: Yeah.
>>GAUR: The third
one, the intention
was to look and see
what the connection was
to the reptilians,
Orion, the Nebula
in Orion, M42 Nebula, and
the incarnational process
from the Orion beings to Earth.
>>CHURCH: When I regressed, I
regressed with no intention.
It was very interesting.
And regression, I think,
is very important.
I didn't take it as
serious as I do now.
And the reason why
I say that is I
remembered things
that I didn't even
know that I knew anything about.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: It was very
interesting to me.
And to back up and
then realize who
I've interviewed over
the years and people that
have had these
experiences, I wanted
to go back and reflect on
what they were trying to say.
It's a very difficult thing
to describe to somebody
that's never had a
regression experience.
Setting intention is
important, but would you
go into it open to as well?
>>GAUR: 100%.
>>CHURCH: Without an intention.
>>GAUR: So the first
two I had no intention.
And actually, to be clear,
the third one, I just
wanted to explore Orion.
So everything that I had told
you is what came from it.
So because on the second one,
I ended up in Orion in the end.
So the third one, I was
like, maybe I'll go to Orion.
But if it doesn't take
me there, then so be it.
But I actually did go and
experience Orion in that one.
>>CHURCH: Do you feel that
through these experiences,
and not only that, but what
you have learned in research,
of course, throughout life, that
consciousness and entanglement
is connecting everything
in the universe.
So when you talk about
Orion, it may be distant,
but we're connected directly
through consciousness right
here on this planet
and the communication
happens in real time.
>>GAUR: Yeah, that's true.
And I would say that if
you look on the planet
and you look at ancient
sites, you don't really
see sites that are aligned
to Arcturus, to the Pleiades.
There might be
some around there.
But if there's one site or
there's one constellation
that you see most
of the alignments
and a lot of deities
connected to, it's Orion,
and there's a reason for that.
So for Orion, time has
progressed and a lot of things
have happened since
the Orion wars.
But for a lot of people, because
of entanglement in the way
that time works, we literally
just incarnated there yesterday
or our past
incarnation was there.
So even though Orion might have
gone millions of Earth years
into the future,
many of us actually
just came from that experience.
>>CHURCH: Let's stay
right there for a second.
Are we describing the linear
distance on a Yuga cycle?
>>GAUR: So not when
it comes to Orion,
because the Yuga
cycles in particular,
even though there's this
solar systematic Yuga cycles,
there's galactic ones,
there's universal ones.
The cycles just keep going on.
So the Yuga cycles that
I specifically talk about
is Earth cycle.
So the Orion one is a
separate construct entirely.
However, the beings
that came from Orion
did have an effect on
our Yuga cycles on Earth.
Before they came,
the Yuga cycles,
they weren't such a
fluctuation of polarity.
But when they came and
their influence actually
helped us get to the
densities that we are at now,
now we have such a wide
diversity of experiences,
from the highest of highs
to the lowest of lows.
>>CHURCH: We've
got a graphic here
that will help explain
the Yuga cycles,
and we've got it right here.
Walk me through this.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
There's four ages
within the Yuga cycles.
Many ancient civilizations
have spoke about it,
but in India seems to be the
only place that we actually
have dates.
And the four cycles are split
into the Kali Yuga, which
a lot of people know about, the
dark ages, which many people say
we're in or that we were in.
We have the Dwapara Yuga,
which is the Bronze Age.
We have the Treta Yuga,
which is the Silver Age.
And then we have the Satya
Yuga, the Golden age.
A lot of people think that we're
going straight to the Golden
Age, but based on these
types of calendars,
we're moving from the
Kali to the Dwapara.
Every single one of
these ages has a theme.
So not only does
each age is doubled
the size of the other
age, so Kali Yuga--
Dwapara Yuga is twice
the size of Kali Yuga.
Treta is twice the size of
the Yuga before it, and so on.
But in each age, the age limit
of humanity also doubles.
So in Kali Yuga, we
have 120-year age limit.
That's how much we live until.
If we didn't have pollution,
chemicals, different things
and we had a good environment,
we would all live to around 120.
And then you go to the Dwapara
Yuga, age doubles to 240.
So each of these ages
also have a theme.
The Kali Yuga's theme
is hierarchy, authority,
and delusion.
So meaning that when you
get into that density,
you have not only amnesia,
you don't forget--
you forget your
connection to the cosmos,
you forget your connection to
extraterrestrials, the divine.
But it's also the
age of delusion,
which goes without saying
how right is wrong and wrong
is right in many ways, and
it's also the age of authority
and hierarchy, when you give
up your power to authorities
and hierarchies and you
forget your own sovereignty.
And case in point on
that one, we just,
a few hundred years ago,
if not even before that,
little earlier than that or
a little later than that,
we have giving up your power
to a sovereign because now
we're regaining our sovereignty.
And in the next age, the Dwapara
Yuga, that's the age of energy.
So as we're shifting
from the Kali Yuga,
we're shifting from
this hierarchy delusion
and we're going through a
200-year transitionary phase,
and that's what
we're in right now,
the 200-year transition phase.
We're ascending.
So if you look at that calendar,
you can see that this 13,000
years of one cycle that
we've been descending.
So we went through
that descension cycle
and now we're on the other time.
So we've gone through the
other part of the Kali Yuga
and we're ascending into
the Dwapara Yuga now.
>>CHURCH: It seems tangible.
I think we all know that
there is something going on.
You don't have to have a
belief in consciousness
or our community to not see
what is going on right now,
not only with the world,
but with ET contact.
Is ET contact and
the conversations
that we're having right now with
the media, programs like this,
is this part of the ascension?
>>GAUR: 100%.
So what happens at the
end of all these ages
is the old systems that
are no longer serving
humanity start crumbling.
And that's what we're seeing
in the world right now.
That's why we see so much chaos,
because all the things that
aren't serving us, that
aren't at the vibration
for the new dimension, the
new paradigm we're going into
are basically crumbling.
And the reason why that
there's this awakening
and consciousness, people
are not only becoming
awakened to consciousness,
but they're also
becoming awakened to the
corruption of the institutions
and the governments
that claim to control us
and to rule over us.
So it's all a part of that.
>>CHURCH: That's interesting.
ET must have been, and
still is, observing us
for millions of years.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: A lot of ET.
It's not one specific
species or race.
It could be an infinite number.
But they also see what's going
on this planet too as well.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: Are they aware
of our ascension cycle?
And is this part
of the ET contact,
and it's because they are aware?
>>GAUR: Yeah,
they're aware of it.
And a lot of them actually help
contribute towards creating it
in the first place.
And they also know that when
we're in specific Yuga cycles,
we have a veil of
amnesia where we forget
a lot of things about who
we are and our connection
to the cosmos.
And they also know that
we've been under quarantine.
When we're in the
Kali Yuga, we're
in something called
quarantine, which
means that the level of
consciousness of humanity
is at such a low
level that they don't
want to interact with
us because of the way
we might respond to it.
And now we're going
through a phase
where we're moving out of it.
So part of us having all these
sightings, people openly talking
about it, congressional
members speaking about it,
is getting humanity
ready for the next age,
for the next Yuga cycle,
when eventually we'll
have open contact.
>>CHURCH: When do you
think that's going to be?
That's the million-dollar
question, isn't it?
But we can all feel that
something is imminent.
When do you think it is?
>>GAUR: So I was never into
dates for the most part,
because so many people
have prophesied dates
since 2012 and afterwards.
But I do feel that we're at the
cusp of something great right
now, especially because
things that were ridiculed
are now being openly talked
about on a level that has never
been done before.
So we're getting very,
very close to it.
And I would say, don't throw
the baby out with the bathwater
because many people
have been jaded
and disillusioned by government.
So when they see all
these individuals
within government
speaking about it,
a lot of times they just say,
oh, it's just another psyop.
But what's really happening
is the drip disclosure.
And maybe on some level,
this drip disclosure
is benefiting humanity
because the first thing that
needs to happen is
everyone on Earth needs
to know we're not
alone in the universe.
When that happens, that has
a shift in our consciousness
that then opens us
up to the next level.
So I would say within
the next few years,
we're going to get to a
place where everyone on Earth
is going to know we're
not alone in the universe,
maybe before 2030,
maybe 2027, and then
we'll see what
happens after that.
>>CHURCH: A couple
of years ago, I
heard for the first time from
the White House press office UFO
at a live press briefing.
And I stepped back and said,
well, that's the first time
that that's ever happened.
And second, if there's ever
been a question of us living
in a simulation, this is it.
It didn't seem real,
but that is a shift.
That is a conscious simulation
vibrational matrix happening
and presented out to the
rest of the world, isn't it?
>>GAUR: Yeah, exactly.
So on a simulation
level, yes, in what
you just spoke
about, yes, for sure.
And now also we're seeing that
these craft are doing things
that we do not
know how can happen
because of the laws of
physics are being broken.
So that's where
the simulation is.
We have a set of laws and
it's the laws of physics.
But now we're seeing on
the quantum world, which
is subatomic world,
everything below an atom,
are operating by a
different set of laws.
But the interesting thing
is the subatomic world
are the building blocks
for the atomic world.
So how can the building
blocks for the atomic world
be paradoxical to
what is creating?
So we are able to
perceive and see
that the universe and the code
of reality doesn't make sense.
But in a lot of ways,
governments and scientists
really don't know
what to make of it.
And that's what's
happening with UFOs.
They're breaking
the sound barrier.
They're going at speeds
that we can't even
do with our conventional
craft, or even
go against the laws of physics.
So we're stepping into not only
a new world with disclosure,
but also stepping into
a new world of science
and really understanding what
the fabric of the universe is.
>>CHURCH: Wouldn't
that suggest to you
that the quantum
world is conscious?
>>GAUR: I would say that
everything is consciousness.
>>CHURCH: Right.
It seems sentient
and making decisions.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: When that goes
against what science
says, that you need mass
and a brain and chemistry
to create consciousness when we
have something else happening
right in front of us.
>>GAUR: Well, a
great example of that
is the double slit experiment.
Just by the simple observation
of the electron going
through the double
slit, it collapses
into an actual
timeline and becomes
an actual tangible probability.
>>CHURCH: You change its state.
>>GAUR: But when you're
not looking at it,
it just acts as infinite
possibilities as a wave.
So thereby, whatever is
happening on the quantum level
is aware of us perceiving it.
>>CHURCH: Isn't
that more science
fiction than this
community has ever
been science fiction,
but yet that science
and they want us to accept that,
that you can change something
state by observing it?
>>GAUR: Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
And that whole component,
the double slit experiment,
entanglement, so many different
concepts in quantum physics,
I feel that we don't take enough
time to philosophically actually
look at what that really
means for who and what we are.
>>CHURCH: When you observe
something in the sky,
let's stay right here for a
second, the comments, there
has been a change in those
observations over the years,
where we have gone from flying
saucers, and we still do,
metallic craft, metallic disks.
That has never gone away.
But now the
inter-dimensional aspect
is now here, where
we're seeing stuff
appear and disappear at will.
What do you think is
actually going on?
Is it appearing
and disappearing?
Is it leaving and going
into another dimension?
Is it just traveling that
way, going from point to point
and we observe it
as disappearing?
What is happening?
>>GAUR: I feel that there's
a lot of different things
happening because there's
many different types of craft,
different beings visiting us.
Definitely inter-dimensional
travel, wormholes for sure,
also existing at
a light spectrum
that's not perceivable
to the human senses.
But if you really
say-- a lot of people
say that there's a lot of
UFOs around the planet,
there's many of them
surrounding us right now.
But then when we look out
there, we don't see them.
And the answer to that
is it's a frequency game.
We exist in a certain
bandwidth of frequency.
Many of these
beings, even if they
don't exist at that other
frequency range that
is out of the range
that we can perceive,
they have the technology
to be able to shift
into those vibrations
that we can't
perceive with our eyes
or our ears or anything.
>>CHURCH: Is shifting into
that vibration for us,
is that an accident
or intentional?
>>GAUR: When they are shifting,
or are you talking about us?
>>CHURCH: Both.
>>GAUR: So what's
happening is as there's
a shift on the planet occurring,
shift in consciousness,
not only is it happening
metaphysically,
but also the position of our
solar system in our Galaxy
is actually affecting the
vibration of the planet,
is that we are now
slowly becoming
those beings that
are at the vibration
that we'll be able to perceive.
>>CHURCH: That's correct.
So we are the aliens to them.
We may be the ghosts
in their dimension.
>>GAUR: We could
be their shadows.
>>CHURCH: That's right.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
Isn't that interesting?
>>GAUR: That is interesting.
>>CHURCH: I think about that
all the time, where it just
may be an accident.
In another dimension,
some little ET being
runs into his mom and
says, I just saw an alien.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: And he observes
you and I sitting here
talking in this conversation.
>>GAUR: That's so funny.
I have a friend
that actually had
dreams of her being channeled
on a different planet,
channeling her consciousness
here on another planet.
>>CHURCH: Now with CERN, with
different experiments here,
we have Trinity,
all of the nuclear--
Oppenheimer, all of
the nuclear things
that we have done
on this planet,
is it possible that we
could be opening up portals
and dimensions unintentionally?
>>GAUR: Yeah, so there's
a lot of things with CERN
that we probably
don't know about.
But even the things
that we do know about
are actually smoking
guns for this.
For example, in CERN, they have
the large hydrogen collider.
They're sending photons
around, and the photons
bang into each other.
They smash into each other.
And then the God particle,
or Graviton, comes out of it.
So one of the studies that
happened just a few years ago
is that the Graviton
would release
from the impact of those two
particles and it would vanish.
It just released and all of a
sudden it's completely gone.
So they started wondering
what was happening,
and they were theorizing, oh,
what we believe has happened
is this Graviton vanishes into
a fifth dimensional space,
into an area of space
we can't perceive.
So if you take a moment
to think about it,
to me, that's almost
like with that collision,
they're creating a
fifth dimensional--
they're creating
a portal that is
allowing subatomic particles to
vibrate into another reality.
And that is just the beginning,
because right now we're
doing these things on
the subatomic level.
But when we figure out how
to take the subatomic science
and bring it into
the Newtonian science
and use it on a
bigger level, that's
when we start getting
space travel spacecraft.
And I got to add to that--
>>CHURCH: Micro into the macro.
>>GAUR: Exactly.
>>CHURCH: But if that's the
case, ET 50 years, 100 years,
1,000 years, a million
years in front of us,
figured this out
a long time ago.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: Which would
demonstrate the way
that they are doing it
is really easy for them.
Is easy as us starting a car and
driving to work in the morning.
That's them traveling,
not only interstellar,
but to this planet.
That's the only-- that's
the only way to look at it.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
So the interesting
thing is that we
are doing this now and
these laboratories that
are conventional
mainstream science.
But as that there's
other types of programs,
there's reverse engineered
UFOs and crashes.
So it seems like there is
some type of institutions
in the world that have already
mastered this technology.
>>CHURCH: We are using
James Webb to look
at the atmospheres of
exoplanets right now,
and we're looking
for technosignatures.
A technosignature for us,
1945, first nuclear blast.
If ET is looking at this planet
like we are looking at them,
they would have seen
that nuclear blast.
What would that tell them?
>>GAUR: So when it comes to
seeing the nuclear blast,
that's not how it really
works, in my opinion.
What's occurring with
the nuclear blast
is that we're actually
splitting the atom.
So it's actually the opposite.
They're perceiving
it through the fabric
of space time being corrupted
or destroyed on some level.
Just imagine it like this.
Say that the universe
is one big hard drive,
and say in that hard
drive in a little area,
there's one software
and a little spark,
a little flame goes
off in that software.
And say, that's
the nuclear bomb.
Now, that flame now affects
all the other softwares
and the corruption
of the hard drive.
So since this is,
in some way, kind
of a holographic simulated
reality, when we split the atom,
the energy goes
through the wormhole,
through the singularity
into other realities,
and the simulation is
stacked upon other realities.
So what's occurring is we're
actually not only affecting
ourselves, but we have no idea
what is actually happening
to this energy and
how it's affecting
other dimensions around us.
>>CHURCH: So ET
would have, no matter
who they are or what
part of the universe,
would have gone through the same
stages of evolution as we are,
and they are observing that.
So they know exactly where
we are in our timeline.
>>GAUR: Well, that's
why as soon as we
had the first
nuclear explosion, we
started seeing all
the foo fighters
and all the sightings happen.
Even Roswell happened in an area
where there was nuclear tests.
And in 1945, there
was another UFO crash
in San Antonio, New
Mexico that no one really
talks about that also happened
right after nuclear test.
>>CHURCH: Now, ET would
have to be here in order
to observe that nuclear test.
If they are 20 light years
away in observing us,
like with the James
Webb Space Telescope,
then they're looking
at Earth previously.
They're not looking
at it in real time.
So they would have to
be here to observe that.
>>GAUR: It all depends
on what type of ET race,
because there are some ET
races that can perceive
all creation simultaneously.
>>CHURCH: Very interesting.
If we do an accidental
experiment at CERN
and we are colliding particles
and we create something
that we can't control,
whether it's a black hole,
it's a portal, it's
another dimension,
and something shifts
on our timeline here,
how would that be
observed off-planet?
I think that is
a very real thing
to look at when we have things
like the Mandela effect,
where memories are
corrupted here,
things don't seem
quite right, where
either somebody from our future
coming back and adjusting
things, or maybe we fit
into another timeline
and we didn't even
realize that had happened.
How would that be
observed off-planet.
>>GAUR: When we do
something like that,
where we shift something on
the planet, when it comes
to the ETs and the
connection to Earth,
the main prime
directive for the ETs
is to make sure we
don't destroy ourselves.
If we go ahead and shift
into other parallel realities
and moved on different
pathways, that might be OK.
But they want to make sure
that we don't destroy ourselves
and the human experiment and
the human evolution continues.
>>CHURCH: So if we go to another
planet and we encounter life,
it could be primitive, do
we leave that DNA alone?
>>GAUR: Well, when it
comes to Earth humans,
I'm not sure because we haven't
technically done that yet,
or maybe we have on some
black budget programs.
But when it comes to the
original template of humanity
coming out of Lyra, the
first human template,
the humans were the
master geneticists.
That's exactly what we
did all over the Galaxy.
And not only did we
hybridize ourselves,
but we also hybridized ourselves
with the native population
of the beings that
we're interacting with,
including the
reptilian beings that
were the most predominant
species in the Galaxy
at that time.
>>CHURCH: So are we
contradicting ourselves?
Is it a paradox?
In that we don't want
to interfere necessarily
with the prime directive,
with another species,
but some are OK
with other species
coming here and modifying us
in creation and altering DNA.
It seems like we
want it both ways.
>>GAUR: Yeah, well, DNA
is the largest commodity
in the universe.
Genetics and hybridization
ever since source fragmented.
>>CHURCH: Yep.
>>GAUR: The only way we've
had all of this creation
is because free will
was given to creation
in order to basically
hybridize and create beings.
So on some level, that's
continuing to happen now.
But the whole thing is, do you
look at it as a negative thing
or is it a positive thing?
And now there are some malicious
hybridization programs,
but the DNA hybridization
of humanity,
we are a product
of hybridization
so many times over.
There's many different et
races within our own DNA.
And I would even say that
the different ethnic groups
on Earth, we have
such variety because
of the influence of different
extraterrestrial races.
>>CHURCH: Is at
this point, is there
a way to get back
to our original DNA?
Is it still in there?
>>GAUR: Ooh, that's a good one.
I feel that the way time works
is our ancestors created us,
but they're actually
also our descendants.
Because as they created
us, they created us
from a place of timelessness.
And then they started creating
realities until we finally
got to linearity.
And now in our linear--
in the linear time
that we are in,
we start evolving back
into timelessness.
And when we get to that
reality of timelessness,
we end up becoming
the beings that
created us in the first place.
>>CHURCH: What are we
going to evolve into?
1,000 years from now, Neil, do
we have these meat sacks or do
we evolve into pure energy?
>>GAUR: In the 1,000 years
from now, I would say no,
that we'd still be
in a human body,
but we won't be in the same
type of body as we are now.
Maybe we won't need the
same type of things.
Maybe we won't eat
the same way, maybe
we won't interact the same way.
But the experiment
on Earth is how
we can be
multidimensional beings
and still have a
physical experience.
Earth isn't just a place to
evolve and ascend and become
light.
We're attempting to
create something new here.
And part of what we're
attempting to create
is, firstly, let's wipe our
memories clean, go to this Earth
and try to see if we
remember who we really are.
It's an experiment.
Can we remember when
we don't remember?
>>CHURCH: Right.
>>GAUR: And then when
we do remember, can we
tap into the innate gifts in our
body, multidimensional gifts,
so that we can still
live in physicality
but tap into the
highest dimensions?
So I feel we're creating that
kind of Utopian world on Earth.
And 1,000 years from now, I
would hope that we would be
there.
>>CHURCH: The craft lands, being
steps off, and it's Neil Gaur.
It's your twin.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: And you
come down and we--
what's going on here?
And do you say, the version
of you, well, you are us.
We helped create you.
Can this planet handle that?
We are on the verge
of finding out
this very fundamental question.
Can the Earth handle
something like that?
>>GAUR: They will be able to
handle something like that.
Maybe in this moment no,
but as soon as everybody
knows that we're not
alone in the universe,
then the questions
start coming out.
And then partly,
the next thing will
be our true history on Earth.
What is the true history?
We have this arrogance thinking
that we're the most advanced
that we've ever been.
But there's a lot of
evidence to suggest
that there were more advanced
civilizations, some of them
completely lost to time.
We're just talking about
13,000 years ago in Atlantis,
that's just one cycle.
What about five cycles before
that, or even further than that?
How many different renditions
have we had of that in humanity?
Well, there's a lot of evidence
to suggest the actual truth
that we have had greater
civilizations on Earth.
So after everybody knows we're
not alone in the universe,
the next step will be to inform
people about true history.
And I feel it will be an
exponential thing at that point,
when the institutions,
our educational system
starts teaching us the truth
about who we really are.
>>CHURCH: An amazing
conversation.
Neil, I want to thank you
for being on the show, but--
>>GAUR: Thank you, brother.
>>CHURCH: I'm very
excited about learning
how to channel poetry from
you in the very near future.
>>GAUR: Yeah.
>>CHURCH: Thank
you so much, Neil.
Where can everybody get
information about your work?
>>GAUR: Sure.
You can find me at
portaltoascension.org.
And I have a YouTube channel
too, Portal to Ascension.
And everything's
there on my website.
We do around 70 events a year.
>>CHURCH: Thank
you so much, Neil.
>>GAUR: Thank you brother.
>>CHURCH: I'm Jimmy Church,
sitting in for George Noory.
Thank you for watching this
episode of Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]